добавить:
помогать бизнесу, и клиентам.
желаю чтобы оплата моего труда была пропорциональна моему вкладу в бизнес.
Операционные системы, языки программирования, языковые технологии.
Хобби: Играю в Го, катаюсь на роликах, читаю книги(философия, математика).
Более всего меня интересует устройство и разработка операционных систем, а также языков
программирования, компиляторов и сопутсвующего инструментария.
Зарплатные ожидания:

cv format in code(js/python)
module CV



Hi, My name is Stas. I'm constantly improving developer, 28 year old. 
A little over two years, I worked for a company where was engaged in the development and
refinement of the components of infographics (Typescript, d3.js, Highcharts) for frontend, 
creating a metamodel reports on json / javascript, fix reports on asp.net, 
writing mdx / sql queries to multidimensional / relational databases. 
I believe my strong points are my hunger for knowledge and fast learning. 
I prefer to automate everyday routine of using my knowledge and expand them at the same time. 

I am doing home projects in python: small games, chat, simple script (weather statistics, counting lines of code)
My profile at github: 
https://github.com/anokata
Specific projects on Python: 
https://github.com/anokata/pythonPetProjects

Listed below are my experience and skills. 
- Python 3.x 
- Javascript(jQuery, Highcharts, handlebars.js, underscore.js, d3.js) 
- HTML, CSS
- MDX, SQL 
- Git, make, vim, tmux, bash
- Experienced linux user 
- Math and logic

My brief biography
2004 (16 years old) studied self-educated Delphi. Basics - the variables, language constructs, forms.
2005 wend to college. Surface taught basic structures - lists, queues, trees in Pascal.
2006 Learn the basics of javascript, html, css.
2007 Learn the basic Linux. Participated 2 times in competitions, the regional and Russia.
2008 Self-learning assembler, writing on it a simple interpreter of C-like language and
degree work - encryption executable with xor with the storage key in a file, appending
decryption code and checking date and availability of the key in the code section.
2010 Surfactants learn many languages and technologies: python, lisp, haskell, Forth, J, smalltalk
2011 Change area of interest and learn Japanese and Chinese
2013 Study mathematics (logic, general algebra, metamath)
2014 Again learn Java, C #, Haskell, detailed javascript.
        I get a job, where studied the mdx, writing a bit on javascript and typescript
2016 I start to deeper learn C and Python.

I like to do something useful, necessary and had not previously existed.
I want to work in an energetic team of experts doing something unusual and willing to help
the professional development of all participants in the project.


## init
Здравствуйте! Меня зовут Станислав, мне 28 лет, 
