Hello! My name is Stanislav, I am 28 years old.
During the last two years, I worked for a company engaged in the development of tools for real-time monitoring and analysis of the financial development of the Russian Federation and its subjects.
I was engaged in the development and correction components infographic (typescript, d3.js, Highcharts) for frontend.
Created reports metamodel (json / JavaScript), corrected reports in ASP.NET.
I was writing queries to multidimensional / relational databases on MDX / SQL language.
I had to quit because it was not possible to develop and tackle new challenges.

Before college, I independently mastered the basics of programming in Delphi(Object Pascal).
While studying in college interested in Linux distributions.
Mastered C and assembler and developed on it C-like language interpreter, graph viewer
with text nodes and a thesis project for the protection of the executable file from being executed without a key file.
One day, I get elevated privileges on Windows OS bypassing password protection of antivirus eset32 using simple debugger and changing the zero flag in the right place and time.
Studied data structures (stack, queue, list, tree, hash). Familiarized with javascript, html and css.
After the official education self-study multiple programming languages: python, java, C#, forth, j, smalltalk, Haskell and Lisp. 
I studied various branches of mathematics.
Lately I've been deeply studied the C language algorithms, Python, C++, read books about software development.

I like to learn new things constantly, that I pretty well.
In everyday work I use an operating system based on Linux kernel and use command-line tools (vim, bash, grep, tmux, git, make).
I prefer to automate everyday routine using scripting languages like python. 

Sometimes, I solve problems in such resources as "Project Euler", Codility, stepik.org and others.
Most of all I like to do something new and unique. In particular I am interested in the development of operating systems, programming languages and compilers, software development tools and text editors.

I've done small projects for yourself at c / python: small games, chat, weather statistics, count lines of code
Here is my profile on github:
https://github.com/anokata
Game using C:
https://github.com/anokata/xox-tic-tac-toe
The interpreter in assembler:
https://github.com/anokata/C-lang-interpret
Projects in Python:
https://github.com/anokata/pythonPetProjects

Here are my skills and experience in technology:
- C, C++, asm (x86)
- Git, make, vim, tmux, bash
- Python 3.x (pyyaml, PIL, lxml, requests, urllib), flask
- Many years of experience using Linux
- Mathematical logic, set theory
- Haskell, Lisp
- Javascript (jQuery, Highcharts, handlebars.js, underscore.js, d3.js), node.js, npm, babel, typescript
- HTML, CSS
- MDX, SQL
- English language at the level of reading technical documentation and reading simple fiction

With my skills and their further development I want to help solve the pressing business problems, improve existing products and create new ones.
I wish that salary of my work was proportional to my contribution to the development of the product.
I would like to join an energetic team of professionally-growing professionals.
I will be glad to make a contribution in any open source project.

Hobby: reading (mathematics, philosophy, history of science), rollerblading, study new areas of knowledge, meditate, play Go.

